Update GitHub Actions post to use environment files (#408)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2020-04/publishing-a-package-to-octopus-with-github-actions/index.md

![Publishing a package to Octopus with GitHub Actions](github-actions-publish.png)

:::hint

> The sample workflow in this post used a now deprecrated [set-env command](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/). The post has been updated to use [environment files](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#environment-files) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample workflow in this post originally used a now depreciated [set-env command](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/). The post has been updated to use [environment files](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#environment-files) instead.
```
